[dhctl] mirror: Split images bundle support (#8000)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

   `dhctl mirror` supports digesting of the final set of Deckhouse images with the GOST R 34.11-2012 (Stribog) hash function (the `--gost-digest` parameter).
   The checksum will be logged and written to a file with the `.tar.gostsum` extension next to the tar-archive containing the Deckhouse images.

>    Starting from version 1.59.1, `dhctl mirror` supports splitting the images bundle into chunks of arbitrary size instead of dumping all images into a single tar file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Starting from version 1.59.0, `dhctl mirror` supports splitting the images bundle into chunks of arbitrary size instead of dumping all images into a single tar file.
```

>    To use this function, pass the desired chunk size in gigabytes using the `--images-bundle-chunk-size=N` flag or set the `$MIRROR_IMAGES_BUNDLE_CHUNK_SIZE` environment variable when pulling the bundle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To use this function, pass the desired chunk size in gigabytes using the `--images-bundle-chunk-size=N` flag or set the `$DHCTL_CLI_MIRROR_IMAGES_BUNDLE_CHUNK_SIZE` environment variable when pulling the bundle.
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blame/7e6fb18118437d5d34d78a7cfa8d6c2662f9ef40/dhctl/pkg/app/app.go#L94C10-L94C20

https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/pull/8000/files#diff-0596f6ae70c0bb6f7ee4ecb270c0d20ab22e959a76cf213b4dd0b2f25409d889R78

>    To use this function, pass the desired chunk size in gigabytes with the flag `--images-bundle-chunk-size=N` flag or set the `$MIRROR_IMAGES_BUNDLE_CHUNK_SIZE` environment variable when pulling the bundle.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To use this function, pass the desired chunk size in gigabytes using the `--images-bundle-chunk-size=N` flag or set the `$MIRROR_IMAGES_BUNDLE_CHUNK_SIZE` environment variable when pulling the bundle.
```

   This will create a series of smaller `.chunk` files instead of a single tar bundle.

>    To upload such chunked bundle into your private registry, use `dhctl mirror` as specified below, passing the `--images-bundle-path` as if you were pushing from a single-file bundle.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To upload such a chunked bundle into your private registry, use `dhctl mirror` as specified below, passing the `--images-bundle-path` flag as if you were pushing from a single-file bundle.
```

>    That is, point it to the `.tar` that would not exist in the bundle directory, not any of the chunk files. `dhctl mirror` will then detect the chunked bundle automatically.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   That is, point it to the `.tar` file as if it were in the bundle directory rather than any of the chunk files. `dhctl mirror` will then detect the chunked bundle automatically.
```
